Welcome, everybody.
Come to the charity reception of My Way Group
I would like to express my heartfelt thanks here.
here.
I have an important announcement to make.
What about the Ouyang family?
I am deeply saddened
Ouyang's family found me
He wants to hand over all his properties to me
I have promised Mr. Han
Although this Ouyang family is small in size
But the value is also worth three or four billion
Speaking of which, this Ouyang family
I don't know what big person I offended.
Murdered
So poor.
Yes, Mr. Fang
It seems that after so many years
Liu Yunyan still trusts you more.
The Ouyang family's several hundred million in property
It's all up to you to take care of
It really makes us envious, hahahahaha.
Hey, at first?
I don't like these things
It was Liu Yunyan who kept asking me to help him take care of it
Since today is a charity reception
Then I will donate half of the assets of the Ouyang family
Hey not much
One or two billion.
To build Hope Primary School
Help a bunch of poor children
Hahaha
Young Master Fang, you are really too generous
You are worthy of being the younger generation of our Nancheng
leader
Hahaha
Young Master Fang, you are really the first good in our southern city
The children in the poor mountainous area
Thank you very much.
Young Master Fang
Hahaha, this is what I should do.
Master Fang, are you?
So kind
Everyone has to have these
Hahaha, take our Ouyang family property for charity.
What should I do about this?